README.md, before:

# Discord Command Handler Challenge for Hello World
This example solution to the challenge uses the following npm modules:
- discord.js v13
- dotenv

## Challenge details 
This challenge takes place on the Discord server Hello World. This repository is an example solution of what your objective is. Using any of the languages and API endpoints featured on [the Discord community resources page](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/community-resources#libraries-discord-libraries), create a handler for commands and events. Please do not copy or use code similar in your challenge. This is just a reference if you are stuck. Renaming variables but it doing basically the exact same thing as me will result in your disqualification of this challenge. Same goes for posting code too similar to other contestants.

## Scoring criteria
#### Required scores:
- Cleanliness (**1-10** points): Based on how readable the code is. Does it follow the syntax standards for the language you have chosen?
- Expandability (**1-10** points): How easily can commands or events be added to your handler? Is it easy to change? If you can add to your handler without changing a bunch of code to accomodate for your additions, you'll have a higher score.
- Functionality (**1-10** points): Does your handler allow for multiple methods of input? Does it allow you to give information about a command, such as a description? The more you can do with your handler, the better.

#### Bonus scores:
- A hotloader command that can reload commands and events (or even new commands and events) without requiring a bot restart. If it can reload commands, you get **+4** points. If it can reload events, you get **+3** points.
- Ping command: **+2** points
- Help command: **+3** points
- Avatar command: **+2** points
- Server Information command: **+2** points
- User Information command: **+2 points** points
- Be creative! Come up with another command or event not listed above for an additional **+2** points.

#### Maximum points:
With the points above, you can get a maximum of ***50*** points.
If you count the bonus points as required, you must get at least 21 points total to be qualified in this challenge. If you pass, your submition is final. If you fail, you will be given an opportunity to revise your code for more points.

## This example is rated as:
- Cleanliness: 9 - It's not the most readable code out there but is followable.
- Expandability: 10 - It's not at all complicated to add another command or event to this handler.
- Functionality: 7 - It works, but lacks some features that might be useful, such as a description. It has aliases and can support different people using certain commands.

Bonus points:
- Hotloader command: +4 for reloading commands, +3 for reloading events
- Ping command: +2

Out of the required points, I have a 26/30 (87%)
With bonus points, this would have gotten 35/30 (117%)

Commit message:

Added "who gets to score"

README.md, after:

# Discord Command Handler Challenge for Hello World
This example solution to the challenge uses the following npm modules:
- discord.js v13
- dotenv

## Challenge details 
This challenge takes place on the Discord server Hello World. This repository is an example solution of what your objective is. Using any of the languages and API endpoints featured on [the Discord community resources page](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/community-resources#libraries-discord-libraries), create a handler for commands and events. Please do not copy or use code similar in your challenge. This is just a reference if you are stuck. Renaming variables but it doing basically the exact same thing as me will result in your disqualification of this challenge. Same goes for posting code too similar to other contestants.

## Scoring criteria
#### Required scores:
- Cleanliness (**1-10** points): Based on how readable the code is. Does it follow the syntax standards for the language you have chosen?
- Expandability (**1-10** points): How easily can commands or events be added to your handler? Is it easy to change? If you can add to your handler without changing a bunch of code to accomodate for your additions, you'll have a higher score.
- Functionality (**1-10** points): Does your handler allow for multiple methods of input? Does it allow you to give information about a command, such as a description? The more you can do with your handler, the better.

#### Bonus scores:
- A hotloader command that can reload commands and events (or even new commands and events) without requiring a bot restart. If it can reload commands, you get **+4** points. If it can reload events, you get **+3** points.
- Ping command: **+2** points
- Help command: **+3** points
- Avatar command: **+2** points
- Server Information command: **+2** points
- User Information command: **+2 points** points
- Be creative! Come up with another command or event not listed above for an additional **+2** points.

#### Maximum points:
With the points above, you can get a maximum of ***50*** points.
If you count the bonus points as required, you must get at least 21 points total to be qualified in this challenge. If you pass, your submition is final. If you fail, you will be given an opportunity to revise your code for more points.

#### Who gets to score?
Anybody who wishes to score can. Just let Nub know on Discord that you would like to. Everyone who scores will send Nub their personal score, and Nub will average out the score and give it back to you.

## This example is rated as:
- Cleanliness: 9 - It's not the most readable code out there but is followable.
- Expandability: 10 - It's not at all complicated to add another command or event to this handler.
- Functionality: 7 - It works, but lacks some features that might be useful, such as a description. It has aliases and can support different people using certain commands.

Bonus points:
- Hotloader command: +4 for reloading commands, +3 for reloading events
- Ping command: +2

Out of the required points, I have a 26/30 (87%)
With bonus points, this would have gotten 35/30 (117%)
